hey everyone I'm Russ koesterich from
polygon and today I'm going to playing
to waiter not old tomb raider new tomb
raider ok so just finish the prologue
larry is on a boat on probably some sort
of you know team for adventure
discotheques and such both didn't work
out so good you know a lot has been said
about this being birth of lara as an
adventurer quite frankly already within
the first five minutes she has trumped
just about everything I've ever done in
my life I've never jumped quite so far
as Lara seems to be able to jump all
right I guess not ok little Shane was
there but that's cool I've never had to
escape from a murderous eyes and Weller
I've never ripped a spear from my side
ah don't think I've ever held like a lit
torch that seems like something fun
another thing I would never do cross
this log now I wouldn't know don't stand
up I'd hug the log and shimmy no but I
are you crazy you crazy Alera ah God and
my junk would be destroyed right then
the key to using any weapon he's focused
obi-wan tell me obi-wan how to shoot
deer in the face so hungry ok why
haven't you this bird first what up bird
Boosh oh you're toast someone's eating
bird tonight
bad time to stop the year so making some
progress in Tomb Raider Oh your toes
your coat rabbit just fought some guides
got a gun for the first time you're
right there is no way to run 10 up i'm a
teenager on a few chores just running
and jumping around in this game is a lot
of fun clamoring up on cliffs and
lighting stuff on fire just feels fluid
and natural and fun for the first time I
think ever I actually kind of care about
the story in a tomb raider game there's
something grounded about it is just like
a lot of I guess lost style mystery that
makes me want to learn more and like
find hidden notes and read journals
vomit I simply disappeared without a
trace it's got a boner for this Queen
Himiko awesome not so awesome so earlier
I was saying how I thought that they
were going for a more realistic route
for Lara Croft oh my god well starting
to think that that's less the case other
than that I think the game boy is a
blast like I've been having fun pretty
much all day I love the exploration of
the game but you're always dropped into
these large environments how the hell
did that life preserver get on that post
combat continues to feel really good
it's a very good sign when enemies show
up and that makes you excited see
I was like the propeller guy and there's
a lot of remember advancement through
this whole upgrade system which adds a
lot of feeling that how I'm customizing
the way I play each level and anyone
that says that this is the game where
Lara is a weakling a teenage pussy girl
that can't do anything no Larry's got it
covered don't worry about but yeah how
are you putting it down so that's about
it for me thanks for watching today I
played to kill those rabbits stop with
the phone call so I could kill these
rabbits they're taunting me oh you
rabbits a toast
see you